---
title: 'Best plumbers in Brisbane South '
date: 2017-04-28
hero: "/images/opera-snapshot_2021-09-20_205805_yandex-com.png"
excerpt: With the growing community interest in Gatsby, we hope to create more resources
  that make it easier for anyone to grasp the power of this incredible tool.
timeToRead: 4
authors:
- Dennis Brotzky

---
* South Brisbane Has Various Gas Plumbers And Fitters Who Provide High Quality Services To The Residents.
* A Professional Gas Fitter Is Capable Of Installing, Repairing, And Replacing Most Types Of Gas Appliances And Systems.
* However, Customers Must Also Be Able To Research On The Available Tradesmen And To Ultimately Select The One Who Will Offer Them Affordable Prices, High Quality Service, And Value For Their Money In The Long Term.

South Brisbane has numerous gas plumbers that are licensed, qualified and customer friendly. They offer 100% customer satisfaction and guarantee that their plumbing works are excellent. Customers who need their services merely need to call or visit company websites to consult on plumbing emergencies, professional installations and repairs of gas, solar and electric hot water systems, and on plumbing jobs related to leaking toilets, wasting water, blocked drains, and leaking roofs, among other issues. Their prices are competitive, quotes are affordable, and even some offer free advice.

Some of the best plumbers in Brisbane South include Fixzit Plumbing & Electrical, Metropolitan Plumbing, Jim’s Plumbing, Fallon Electrical, Plumbing & Air Conditioning, J A L Plumbing & Drainage, and Jetset Plumbing, among others. These companies can help with all domestic and commercial gas, electric, and heat pump hot water systems solutions. Additionally, some companies offer an upfront pricing guarantee, and this means that they fully inform customers of the price before they start work to make sure that their clients see that there are no hidden charges or surprises that can crop up later. Most of them also offer 24-hour services 7 days a week through the provision of emergency plumbing services and after-hours plumbing solutions.

For example, Advanced Plumbing & Gas offers same day service and quality workmanship at affordable up-front and fixed prices. Its plumbers are licensed and certified professionals who are skilled in installation and maintenance needs for all gas and plumbing services. Metropolitan Plumbing prides itself on offering 24/7 support to its customers using an upfront pricing and fixed price model. Parallel Plumbing & Gas specializes in plumbing services related to replacement taps, blocked drains, gas services, hot water systems, gas fitting and repairs, and in kitchen, bathroom and laundry renovations. The above companies and many more offer tap repairs and replacements, toilet repairs and replacements, leak detection, as well as all other types of plumbing installations and maintenance. What makes it interesting is that they all offer competitive prices and services, so it is up to the potential customers to evaluate their offerings and then come to a conclusion on the company that they will use. Either way, the customers cannot go wrong because these gas plumbers are all professionals in their field of work.

Plumbing emergencies usually catch people off-guard, but that is not a reason to go out and hire just any plumbing company to do your job. This is because you need to get a reliable plumber, and South Brisbane has quite a number of dependable ones. Therefore, the best way of dealing with emergencies is to do prior research on the available plumbers and their services so that in those times of emergencies, you already have a plumber in mind who you can call to deal with you plumbing issue.

A good licensed gas fitter is experienced in repairs, servicing, and replacement of all types of gas appliances such as ovens, cookers, cooktops, stoves, and hot water systems. They will also offer services related to gas service repairs, gas leak detection, fault finding, and upgrades. Some areas in South Brisbane such as Highgate Hill 4101 and Fairfield 4103 consist of many residential and apartment buildings. One of the common plumbing problems that tradesmen have to deal with in these areas is concealed water leaks in the apartment buildings. Plumbers that deal with such a problem must therefore use high quality detection equipment if they are to solve the problem effectively once and for all. Their extensive experience with fault finding enables them to find those hard to locate roof and piping leaks as well as stormwater drainage issues. Their work is critical because gas and plumbing issues can cause significant losses for households or businesses if not taken care of in time.

Gas plumbers and fitters ensure that their installations, repairs and services on household, real estate, and commercial gas appliances is done efficiently, safely, and conveniently based on the client’s available time and price. Some of the jobs that they do are very straightforward such as repairing the knobs on a gas oven, while others are complex for instance replacing or installing a gas, solar, or electric hot water system. The tradesmen have to evaluate various factors before and after they do the job in order to ensure that once they leave, the appliance or system will continue to work effectively and safely in the long term.

Sometimes a customer will book a gas fitting or plumbing service to solve an issue on their property. However, if an installation is faulty, this will require that the gas fitter comes back and corrects the defect. Therefore, customers must always use licensed gas fitters for any projects that involve gas because unlicensed gas work is illegal and potentially dangerous. An appliance’s warranty may also become void if a customer uses an unlicensed person to do their gas work. Furthermore, not all gas fitters are experienced at installing all types of gas appliances, so customers should not hesitate to ask before they hire such services. It is however important to note that most gas fitters and plumbers in Brisbane are committed to providing high quality solutions and they are often ready to repair any damages that occur within reason.

Companies such as Rheem, Dux, Rinnai, and Bosch offer numerous options for gas, solar, electric, and heat pump hot water systems. Each of these brands has unique product characteristics that appeal to different customer segments. For example, Dux instant hot water systems are usually 6.1 and 6.7 star energy rated, have condensing and non-condensing models, and also have eco-friendly heating solutions with tanks that have a 7 year warranty, a 5 year collector warranty, and 1 year parts and labor warranty. On the other hand, a Rheem Stellar Range has a 5 star energy efficiency rating and a 10 year cylinder warranty. What this means is that a customer needs to critically evaluate the various ratings and attributes of the brands on offer in order to decide which one best suits their needs in the long term.

With modern technology available for gas fitting and plumbing, a customer’s job can now be completed much faster, more accurately and more efficiently. For instance, gas plumbers who perform drain assessments and inspections using CCTV drain cameras are able to quickly locate faults or problems in a plumbing job. CCTV cameras can be used to study drains, sewers and pipes to find the exact location of a problem, and this saves on time and costs both for the customer and for the company. The faster the tradesmen can finish one job, the faster they can move on to help another customer. As such, companies that have invested in CCTV use in their plumbing and gas fitting operations are highly successful and enjoy more customer satisfaction in the long term.

Rainwater tanks are great for reducing water bills because rain water can be used to wash cars, water a garden, or top up a pool. However, if such a tank is not properly maintained, and the water overflows, it will cause damage to property. Therefore, plumbing companies that perform such installations should help users to understand about the correct water inflow/overflow ratio and the importance of using an overflow strainer. The specialists will also recommend the best degree of gravity feed to ensure that the pressure in the water tank is enough for fixtures and appliances such as washing machines, taps, and instant gas heaters.

Most homeowners spend between $100 to $600 to install or renovate a kitchen appliance but the price can significantly decline or increase. This is because the place of purchase, the place that the appliance is installed, and how it is installed will affect the price. For example, installation of a new dishwasher requires a dedicated electric circuit and a water line. The plumber also has to confirm if parts such as the filter is working properly, and if the drain hose is properly connected to the sink and garbage disposal so as to avoid future damage. Therefore an electrician will be paid approximately $50, and the plumber will get paid between $100 and $175 for a dishwasher water and drain line. A certified and licensed plumber will be able to install, upgrade, or repair your kitchen appliances, drains and water piles efficiently and affordably. Plumbing teams can also quickly locate water leaks which occur behind walls or under slabs, in stormwater drains and sewer pipes. The fresh water that comes into a residence or commercial building usually runs under pressure through the mains water pipe, and this means a burst pipe can quickly become a critical problem. As such, all the above plumbing and fitting jobs can be costly or cheap based on the amount of work that needs to be done. It is therefore important to ensure that you get an exact assessment of the work that needs to be done before it even begins.